[humming]
[crab] Hmm?
[♪♪♪]
[moaning]
Whoa, why are you stoppin'?
Keep it goin', keep it goin'.
- Wait, no.
- [Sequoia] Keep it goin'.
- Wait, hold on.
- Uh, keep it goin'.
- Sequoia, wait!
- [grunts]
- What is that thing?
- Uh, a pervy little crab.
[chuckling]
I don't know,
let him watch if he wants.
Whatever floats your boat,
little dude.
[grunting]
- Yeah, no.
- Ah, the fuck?
[breathes heavily]
[grunting]
That's disgusting.
Don't freak out, it's dead.
Babe, you gotta take a picture
with this.
- No, I don't wanna touch it.
- Come on, just do it.
[grunts]
- Fine.
- Yeah.
- Just be quick!
- Okay.
[grunts]
Okay, take it very slowly,
slowly.
Okay, okay, okay.
Come on.
[crab growling]
Babe, you better put that down.
[grows]
- [screaming]
- [Willa] Sequoia!
[screaming]
[crab chewing]
- Babe.
- Oh.
Hold on, Babe!
Babe!
[screaming]
- [screaming]
- [indistinct speech]
[screaming]
Hon, are you okay?
Babe?
I'm sorry.
[growls]
[♪♪♪]
♪ I never I thought
I'd get the left turn right ♪
Hey, watch it! Motherfuckin' kids!
♪ Parallel parking
was magically tamed ♪
♪ Turnin‘ on the radio
was the height ♪
♪ Of my driving life ♪
♪ The passenger side
was my domain ♪
[both laugh]
♪ But slide over now ♪
♪ I'm ready to take the wheel ♪
♪ You can count on me
not to crash us ♪
♪ But slide over now ♪
[Hunter] Oh, no!
♪ I'm ready to take the wheel ♪
Come on, fuckin' little crab.
How do you like them apples, sucker.
Ha-ha!
Oh, no, no, no!
Shit!
[Sheriff Flannigan on radio]
Hey, Deputy.
[sighs]
[Sheriff Flannigan on radio]
Put your damn game down
- and pick up. Over.
- [clearing throat]
Sheriff, I'm here.
[Sheriff Flannigan on radio]
I'm about to swing by Johnny B's
and pick your brother up
some grub.
- Want anything?
- Sheriff, hold on.
Hey, Mr. West?
Hey, Mr. West.
Oh, no— Mr. West!
Oh, not again.
Dammit, Mr. West,
I just ate a breakfast burrito.
Please slow down.
♪ I'm ready to take the wheel ♪
♪ You can count on me
not to crash us ♪
♪ Slide over now ♪
Dammit, Hunter.
Maddy, would you mind
taking that down?
- Thank you.
- [Maddy] De nada.
[sighs]
- [Philip] Hey, Maddy.
- [blows raspberry]
You remember that thing
I was telling you about?
Yeah, is that it?
Ah!
Do you wanna try it out?
- Let's do it.
- Good!
[chuckling]
This changes everything, Maddy.
All my effort is finally
gonna pay off.
Our effort.
You know
that's what I meant.
Do you really think it'll work?
[sighs] It better.
[scoffs]
I had to convince Flannigan
to bribe four customs agents
just to get it into the country.
Uh, really?
Oh, yeah!
See, what's in this box
could theoretically fuel
a military-grade giant robot,
10 stories tall, for weeks.
Phil, just in case
it doesn't work,
you know life will go
on either way, right?
Whether you're able to walk—
It'll work.
- Trust me.
- I do.
I'm just sayin', don't forget,
you'll always
have two left feet.
Oh, hey, Maddy,
would you mind, um—
- Oh, you want 'em?
- Yeah.
- You want 'em ?
- Yes.
Then stand up and get 'em.
Oh, that's not cool.
[laughing]
- Thanks.
- No problemo.
[♪♪♪]
[Philip sighs]
It's dusty as shit in here,
Phil.
[Philip] Yeah, it's a barn.
Hope you're ready for this.
Oh.
Get this, it is only mapped
to my thumbprint.
Whoa!
There we go.
- [chuckles]
- Wow!
All right.
Amorium Clustergram.
In all of her beauty.
Ready?
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Yeah.
- [whooshes]
- [Maddy gasps]
Bloody fartin' Jesus!
[Maddy] Flannigan!
What the hell was that, Phil?
Damn near blew my nuts off.
[chuckling]
Not like you get much use
out of 'em anymore.
- Hey, now.
- Yeah.
That's a nice thank you for me
bringing you supper.
- Oh, thanks.
- Hi, Flannigan.
Maddy Menrath,
you're not encouraging him now,
are you?
Says the man who helped him
procure the damn thing.
- [chuckles]
- Oh, is that what that was?
Maybe.
Hey, how come you don't just
use your old man's shop
instead of holding yourself up
in your little cubby, huh?
Have everything
I need in my cubby.
Well, I'm just sayin'.
It's a shame to let
all that stuff go unused.
Doesn't matter.
Hunter's gonna sell it
all anyway.
Might oughta patch
that hole up though
before your brother gets back.
Wup, you're fucked.
Howdy, Partner?
Sheriff.
Phil, will you quit ripping up
the damn signs?
I'm not.
You're not.
Then who is?
- Maddy.
- Hey!
You told me to.
You know we can't afford
to keep this place.
[sighing]
Take it easy, Deputy.
[Marjory the dispatcher]
All available units,
we have a 19-243 down
on Lunar Beach.
What?
19-243?
That's a cat in a tree.
[chuckles]
Marjory, we've talked
about this
and nobody else
is on these channels,
so stop usin'
the frickin' codes.
Ain't got time for it.
[Marjory the dispatcher]
Sorry, Sheriff.
A dead whale washed up
with a nasty slice in its belly.
Bunch of folks called it
in all freaked out.
Cat in a tree, huh?
Let's roll, Deputy!
Phil, please go hang this up.
[car engine starts]
You okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
See you tomorrow.
Sure.
Not like we had plans
or anything.
[Sheriff Flannigan]
That is one big ass
dead motherfuckin' whale. Wooh!
Smells like fresh asshole, too.
[coughs, clears throat]
Oh, sure as hell wasn't no shark
done that.
Yeah, I'm guessin' not.
Giant squid maybe?
Those aren't real.
Are they?
How the fuck would I know?
I look like a guy
who knows jack about fish?
Fish sticks maybe.
I've been workin‘ out.
I'm gonna go poke it
with a stick.
Hey, don't be pokin‘ it
with a stick!
It's a scientific observation.
I saw it in a movie once.
[Sheriff Flannigan]
Don't be pokin' at shit.
[grunting]
[breathes heavily]
You know what I think did it?
What?
Aliens.
For sure.
Truth is somethings out there.
That's for damn sure.
This thing stinks.
Let's get out of here.
- Yeah.
- [clears throat]
I'll buy you some fish sticks
for lunch.
Oh!
[♪♪♪]
[humming]
Ahhh.
[sniffing]
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.
Good mornin'.
Ugh.
Yeah?
It's me.
[Philip] Don't come in,
I'm jerking off.
[chuckling]
Shut up, I'm comin' in.
[sighing]
Can I help you?
[Hunter] Breakfast pizza?
Gross.
So, dude, uh, what the hell
happened to the door?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Don't be difficult.
Just fix it, okay?
Right.
Good talk, Phil.
[♪♪♪]
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[♪♪♪]
[grunts, spits]
Mm, that is gross.
[sniffles]
Oh.
[spits]
[crab chattering]
[♪♪♪]
What up, flake?
Hey, Maddy, I'm sorry.
- I got caught up.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever.
My only demand
is unquestionable rights
to the movie choice next week.
Okay, but I refuse
to watch anything that—
Oh, oh, oh, no, no.
No exceptions.
Fine.
You know, you can wait for me
at the top.
Like I can do this myself.
Mm, pushing your lazy ass
around is the only workout
I can handle.
Seriously, fuck running.
[Annalise] Next.
[♪♪♪]
Next.
[indistinct chattering
in background]
No heads up this morning?
"Oh, hey, we're gonna be
playin' with dead things today.
Maybe don't wear
your favorite shirt!" No?
[chuckles]
Thanks, Mom.
Have fun.
All right, now everyone
has one specimen per group,
right?
If you look at the diagram
in your lab packet,
- you'll see the instructions—
- So...
[Annalise] Are clearly labeled.
[clears throat] That's a mighty ﬁne
pussy you got there.
- Ew!
- I am so sorry.
That was— that was awful.
Oh, please be careful
with the scalpel.
And make sure you pin down
the extremities.
- [retching]
- [gasping]
- [coughing]
- Oh, Radu!
I thought you were gonna
warn me next time.
Uh, I is sorry Ms. Menrath,
but these things Radu cannot.
But— the garbage
is three feet away.
You used to think he was cute?
Aw, is someone feline
jealous?
[meowing]
Come on, you know
where the health office is.
Come on.
Leave it.
[grunts]
Feel better, all right?
- Thanks, Mindy.
- [Annalise sighing]
- How's it going over here?
- Fine, Mom.
Go away.
Hush, Daughter, maybe I wanted
to talk to Mr. McCalister.
Oh, if this is about
the Geiger counter incident,
- I'm— I'm—
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
I see that you didn't sign
the registration sheet
for the dance yet,
and I know Maddy doesn't—
Mom!
Ferme la Douche.
Seriously, go away!
All right, fine.
Get over yourself.
[♪♪♪]
- [chuckling]
- [school bell ringing]
What up, Philibuster?
Hey, I gotta ask you something.
Good after the lunchtime,
my classmate Phalup.
Hi, Radu.
Hey, hey, good after the
lunchtime to you, too, Madeline.
I am have begging your pardon,
but Radu is in this time
not having a lady partner
for the disco evening
in days coming.
Uh, uh, Radu have asked
many female classmates,
and have many female classmates
said, "Radu, no way."
Thanks, Radu,
but I already have a date.
- You do?
- Yes, you.
[Radu] But he cannot walk.
[laughing] Mmhmm.
Uh, but in serious,
Phallus cannot,
for life of him,
disco simple hokey-pokey.
You'd be surprised!
You smell like a mermaid.
[♪♪♪]
America.
This is super fucked up.
Stop messing with the evidence,
Deputy.
I was just—
[sighs] sorry, sir.
Well, goes that way.
Shall we?
What do you think
could have done it?
Well...
I think a seal.
- A what?
- A seal!
If it was a seal,
there'd be flapper tracks.
[sighs] I guess that's right.
Maybe he covered 'em up, though.
I hear
they're highly intelligent.
[Sheriff Flannigan]
Ever heard of a man-eating seal?
[Hunter] Don't rule it out.
I heard they can be vicious, man.
[Sheriff Flannigan]
Think again, dumb ass.
[Hunter] Okay, all right, fine,
I'll drop it.
Watch your step.
Tide hasn't washed away
the blood yet.
Yep.
All right then.
Get on up in there.
I'll cover you from back here.
[clears throat] Fine.
[sighs]
[♪♪♪]
[crab chittering]
Uh, fuck.
What the fuck!
Oh, God, what the fuck is this?
[grunting]
[breathes heavily]
[sobbing]
Excuse me.
Miss?
Miss, are you all right?
Excuse me.
Miss.
- Miss.
- Crabs!
[sobbing]
Crabs.
[♪♪♪]
Sheriff!
[Radu] And then his mother
shook the goat and said to Radu,
"Radu, now you must clean
father's dirty hole."
[Radu laughs]
Can friends guess
what Radu do after this?
What the fuck you talking about,
dude?
The question I is asking
is what do Radu do,
and choose, after his mother
say to Radu,
"Radu, you put the goat
back in the goat house,
or you is cleaning
the dirty hole of the father?"
Dude, why do we invite him?
Come on, he's funny.
True.
[Spencer the Psychonaut]
Shrooms.
Sweets?
- Somethin' like that.
- Here.
Oh, ha, ha, ba, boy.
[grunting]
What was that?
Do not be afraid,
is only badger.
Radu will fight.
[grunting]
Is no badger!
- [growling]
- [screaming]
Oh!
Oh, do you need the bandages?
- [Radu screaming]
- Holy shit!
[screaming]
[grunting]
Running!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[knocking on door]
[Philip] Hey, Maddy, come on in,
door's open.
Hey, Phil.
Uh, hey, uh,
I'll fix the door tomorrow.
♪ With silver in his hair ♪
Whoa.
Did you build all these?
Yes, I did.
♪ ...miles on his face ♪
Oops.
[whistling]
♪ Same old me, same old you ♪
Whatcha workin' on?
[Philip] Same old stuff.
Can I see?
[clears throat]
Problem with my last iteration
was that I neglected
to take into account
the increase
in power consumption
when I changed out
the radio carbine undulators
with the new Konoko
brand lux-pistons
that I got
from that Korean website.
But, I got this.
A fancy D battery.
Hey, whoa!
That's like comparing
a firework to an atom bomb.
Now this is
the Amorium Clustergram.
Oh.
Piece of tech way ahead
of its time.
This thing can rapidly
convert joules of energy
into bit-fueled streams
of particles—
Phil, you know,
I don't speak nerd.
English, please.
Careful.
- Grab the legs.
- [Hunter] Okay.
Okay, yeah.
Put that down.
Nice and tight.
No, nice and tight.
- [Hunter grunts]
- Hunter, that's not my leg.
Oh, sorry.
Now what?
Uh, will you pass me
the Amorium Clustergram?
The shiny doodad.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
Okay.
You know the hole in the door?
Yeah.
- Yeah, I would take a step back.
- Oh, Phil.
[Philip] This shit is for real.
[Hunter] Phil, you know,
maybe we should—
Okay, lefty loosey.
[Hunter] Seriously, Phil,
just stop, okay?
And right.
Oh, God, Phil!
- Are you okay, Phil?
- I'm good.
- [Hunter] Here, let me—
- Good.
- Here, here.
- No, don't.
Okay, okay.
[Philip] I need to do it myself.
[electric whirring]
- Okay.
- Here, just give me your hand.
- [Philip] No!
- Just—
[chuckling]
Oh, my God.
- Phil!
- It's working.
- [laughing]
- I can't believe it.
Easy, easy, okay, okay,
baby steps.
- Baby steps.
- I'm walking.
- Calm down, baby steps.
[chuckling]
I'm walking.
Oh! No!
Shit, Phil!
S— stop.
- Fuck!
- Stop!
Calm down, calm down.
You're fine. It's okay. Okay.
Alright, fine, I'm sorry.
[Hunter] Hey, come on, at least
you didn't blow your leg off!
Phil, come back.
Philip!
- Where is he going?
- I don't know.
Okay, I'll be right back.
We'll be here.
[Maddy] Phil!
Hey, Phil, wait up!
[sighing]
Deputy. Everything
under control?
Obviously.
Sorry, if this was a bad time.
She told me that she borrowed
his English notebook,
or something.
Yeah, I think it was an excuse
just to come by.
Ah, hormones and all of that.
[chuckles] Yeah.
They might be gone a while.
I just, um, if y—
if you wanna come inside.
[clears throat]
Uh, why not?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Oh, okay.
[chuckles]
Uh, watch your step.
- [sighing]
- [music playing in background]
- Make yourself at home.
-Mm.
Do you want a beer?
I am fine with this if you are?
[chuckles]
Um, yes.
Very much so.
[chuckles]
Oh, this is wild.
- [chuckles]
- What is?
I just never thought
I would be getting high
with one of my old teachers.
Old?
No, I did—
I didn't mean it like that.
I just mean like...
Well, I never thought
you'd end up being a cop.
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing. I just— you always
seemed a bit too open-minded.
At least,
to get stuck around here.
I'm not stuck.
Everyone still here is stuck.
I'm guessing these are yours.
Uh, no. [sighs]
Those are my dad's.
Phil's read 'em all, though,
so they might as well be
his now.
"The Molecular Response
to Non-Dimensional
Tubular Optics
and their Effect
on Postmodern Orbital Theories".
I knew he was smart, but damn!
[chuckling]
Is this...
Oh, let's— let's not.
Let's not!
Yes, let's do!
This is from the year
you graduated, right?
Oh, my God!
I remember how pissed they were.
- It's gotta be in here.
- Uh, I really hope it's not.
[Hunter chuckling]
[Annalise]
It has to be in here somewhere.
- Here.
- Oh.
[Annalise gasps] Oh, my God!
[chuckles]
It's better than I remembered.
Does young and stupid count
as a good excuse?
[laughing]
If you'll ignore
my nerd glasses.
Oh, yeah, um, I don't think
that's this year.
- No, that's—
- [Annalise chuckling]
Aw.
[Hunter chuckles]
Did someone have a little crush
on teacher?
Whatever.
Bobby Lutz drew that,
so like whatever.
Liar.
[chuckling]
Well, uh,
I don't want my daughter
to smell the weed on me,
so let's, uh, go for a walk.
Yes.
[chuckling]
Um, yeah, okay.
Dude, wait up!
Fuck!
Let it out.
Cock!
Sorry, I'm just
in a really shitty mood.
Wait, really?
I couldn't tell.
Shut up.
Do you want me
to leave you alone?
No, I'm okay.
Do you wanna go watch
homeless people have sex
on the beach?
I guess.
All right.
Then come on, Debbie Downer.
[crabs chittering]
[song playing in background]
[bar chatter]
[panting]
Half friends is
food for the ocean demon.
What the fuck did he just say?
Is concubine ears stuffed
with cabbage?
I says American children
is yum yum
for the...
[speaks foreign language]
Are you all right?
Please, I is needing of alcohol.
How old are you?
Radu?
No, Radu is 20
and 1 years of age.
Legal drinking
for the United States of Ame—
I smell a liar.
I smell yous dirty poop hole!
- Bullshit!
- [Radu spits]
Get the hell out of my bar
before I call the sheriff!
Yes, yes,
call the law enforcement,
please, yes!
Man, don't make me get up
and kick your ass.
Yeah, okay, okay.
You need to leave.
All right, be it so!
But if Radu die tonight,
the blood of Radu
is on your wet hands!
Wet Radu blood!
- Get out!
- Get the fuck out of here!
Boy, we get all kinds, huh.
[grunting]
Curse you!
Curse you
and your many children!
[grunting]
What was that?
[Radu sobbing]
[crab grunting]
Have you tried adding
a defibrillating layer
to the inner knee-shock module?
The legs keeping
breaking around
the inception point anchor.
I don't think adding a defibri—
Exactly!
The defib will help control
the force output
and stop the clustergram
from overloading.
Would that really work?
Yeah, a genius, remember?
[breathes heavily]
Fuck, thank God,
you Jesus fuckers!
We is needing to be running.
Radu is fresh from attack.
Listen to Radu
and do this shit, okay?
'Cause we all about
to go poof town.
Wait, what?
Call number
for American Imperial Forces.
Who is attacking you?
Piss off, Radu.
Don't encourage him.
Shut your dirty chair face!
I am trying to help you
right now!
I run to you, I give you tip,
and you tell me to piss off.
Why people say to piss
off to Radu?
I warn about the ocean demon,
and no, "Just piss off, Radu!"
[Radu yelling]
Radu is sick of America!
[breathes heavily]
[crab] Radu.
We are going to die.
It's kinda cute.
[chuckles]
Monster that eat skin is cute?
Hey, Maddy, please be careful.
Guys, come check this out.
[crab chirping]
[sighs] I can taste clouds.
Hey there, little guy.
What exactly are you?
[Radu] Oh, your face about
to go bye-bye.
[chirping]
Oh, poor thing's injured.
[Radu] Kill it with the fire.
Kill it!
You guys are scaring it.
[Radu] Fucking kill it!
Don't be afraid.
[crab whimpering]
Game over.
- Radu!
- [grunting]
I'm not gonna hurt you.
There you go.
[whimpering]
Come on.
[gasps]
[crab groaning]
[laughing]
Madeline is slaughterer
of demons!
She has the magic touch.
When the shit is truly
hitting the fan,
Radu is putting his last
[speaking foreign language] on the girl.
[laughs]
What the hell did I just see?
[chuckles]
Radu, you should go home.
[Maddy]
Hope you find your friends.
Okay, bye.
[Spits]
[both laughing]
Wait, you want me
to help chaperone the dance?
Seriously?
Come on, it'll be really fun.
Let me check my calendar.
You don't have a calendar.
Hmm.
[laughs] We'll see.
I think I can move some things
around and squeeze you in.
Hmm. Oh, really.
[chuckles]
- Uh-oh.
- Oh.
Hmm. [clears throat]
Hi, Sweetie Cakes.
Oh, Philip, are you excited
about the dance?
You already told your mom?
Oh, don't read into it.
- Ready, Mom?
- [chuckles]
Sure, Sweetie Cake.
Got lots of papers to grade.
Goodnight, Maddy.
Goodnight.
[grunts]
Goodnight, Mrs. Menrath.
It's Ms. Menrath.
Mom, ew!
[chuckles]
- Mom.
- Yeah.
I need your help with something
really important.
Why anything, my obnoxiously
cryptic daughter.
You're freakin' me out a little.
Okay.
Come on.
Mom, duck!
Don't be dumb.
Don't talk to your mother
like that.
Don't hit your daughter
Where are we going?
[shushing]
- Are we playing a game?
- No.
[Annalise]
Too bad it's locked.
[Maddy]
Oh, is it now?
Ye of little faith.
Wait.
Honey, where did you that key?
I borrowed it.
- Ugh.
- Come on.
If I wasn't aggressively high
right now,
you would be grounded.
But is this a mini
nuclear reactor?
- Mom, don't touch that!
- All right.
Actually,
just don't touch anything.
Is that even legal?
Mom, we have work to do.
These legs aren't gonna
build themselves.
You are Poseidon's mistake.
Did you know that?
Poseidon,
he wake up every morning
and he look at you
and say, "I fuck up".
You not know that Radu is ninja.
[Radu grunting]
You are dead and I'm a ninja.
You look like
my grandmother's neck.
You kill my friends.
Why'd you do that?
You have more legs
than you need,
you greedy piece of shit.
Think you tough
'cause you have spine
and you have tail?
You know who else
have spine and tail?
Bitches!
Radu is warrior
and he not afraid
of you no more!
Gonna cut you up
into little pieces,
then cook you, and make a stew,
and then throw it out,
because orphans
don't want to eat you.
Radu so high.
Fuck you.
Radu, fuck you.
[grunting] Uh.
Huh?
Oh, this not okay.
[screeching]
What the fuck is that?
[dripping, growling]
[whimpering]
[Sheriff Flannigan singing]
♪ Sweet Mary Jane ♪
♪ You've been good to me ♪
♪ You ease my mind
and you set me free ♪
♪ Got a line in the water
with nothin' to do ♪
♪ Just growin' my own and— ♪
♪ Smokin' it, too ♪
[chuckles]
♪ Just growin' my own ♪
♪ And smokin' it, too ♪
[chuckling]
It's a hit.
[crabs grunting]
[Hunter]
Hey dude, you almost ready?
Yeah, I'm gettin' there.
Do you need any help?
No, no, I got it.
Here, let me help you.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh!
Uh, your lady friend left you
a little present outside.
- Oh, yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
I'll give you a hint.
[chuckles]
It's not a bag of dog poop.
- Come on, that was funny.
- That was terrible.
- That was funny.
- That was awful.
[♪♪♪]
- ♪ Dance like mint jelly ♪
- [coughing]
♪ You can feel it down
in your knee ♪
♪ Moving like atomic beast ♪
♪ Making tracks on the floor
of the sea ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Get up on the clawfoot ♪
♪ In the middle,
in the mid of ♪
♪ I've been in a seashell
heart ship in sand ♪
♪ Can you listen to the ocean
start to be the band ♪
♪ We're just the dust
in headlights ♪
♪ Under the moon rocks ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Dance like a back and forth ♪
Hey, you're gonna do great.
Thanks, Hunter.
♪ Get up on the clawfoot ♪
[clears throat]
Okay. Wish me luck, Broheimo?
Here's a hint,
go find your date.
[♪♪♪]
Hey.
- Hunter said your mom—
- Deserves partial credit.
I'm the brains
behind the operation.
♪ In your smile,
I feel the sunbeam ♪
Thank you, Maddy.
- You're tall.
- [chuckles]
♪ ...it warms my heart ♪
So what was that about
two left feet?
♪ I never wanna make
that smile fade ♪
[chuckling]
♪ In your eyes,
I see the best me ♪
No, not like that.
Here.
Try like this.
♪ I could never make you cry ♪
Oh, sorry.
For what?
I stepped on your foot.
♪ And I'll laugh ♪
So?
I can't feel anything.
♪ Till the day I die ♪
[chuckles]
I'm gonna like dancing with you.
♪ Your love is warm ♪
♪ It kinda makes me feel
like I'm home ♪
[crab muttering]
Oh, hello?
[crab] Hello.
Annalise?
[crab chittering]
[♪♪♪]
Hello?
[crab chittering]
Uh.
[crab growling]
Oh, whoa, whoa!
Okay, not cool.
- [crab grunting]
- What the hell?
[crab grunting]
Oh, fiddlesticks!
- Hunter.
- Oh!
- What—
- Hi, sorry.
Um...
Where you— did—
did you just follow me
to the bathroom?
[Hunter] Yeah.
You did?
What? No.
I, um...
- Sorry, did you see that thing?
- What thing?
Like a— like a badger or—
or somethin'.
A badger?
Sorry, never mind, I—
[chuckles]
Hi, again.
I, uh— uh, I saw you leave
and I just wanted to come
and say...
Nice pink shirt.
Oh, God, you think it's stupid,
don't you?
- Oh!
- No, I— it looks really...
It's pink.
It— it's very pink.
I— oh.
[chuckles] Uh...
Should we head back to the gym
and, uh—
[clears throat]
Chaperone?
Yes, right.
Um— [chuckles]
I, um...
Where's the gym again?
[chuckling]
Come on.
Oh, holy cow, he looks so happy!
All right, come on.
I can't let boy genius
show me up.
[Annalise] Come on?
Let's dance.
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la ♪
- Let's go.
- Okay.
♪ La, la, la ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ I like what I see ♪
♪ I know what I need ♪
♪ Lookin' at her ♪
♪ Lookin' at me ♪
♪ You're turnin' away ♪
♪ Like you're gonna leave ♪
♪ But I already saw ♪
♪ What I needed to see ♪
♪ You closed the door ♪
♪ Won't let me in ♪
♪ But I can tell ♪
♪ Broke through that shell ♪
♪ This ain't the end ♪
♪ She's takin' off ♪
- ♪ But she's on track ♪
- [chuckles]
♪ Just give it time ♪
♪ You do your thing ♪
♪ Oh, you'll be back ♪
♪ Back, back, back ♪
♪ I shoot hands in the air ♪
♪ Long hair, don't care,
let me stare ♪
♪ I will take you out tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause I know what I like ♪
♪ I shoot hands in the air ♪
♪ Long hair, don't care,
let me stare ♪
♪ I will take you out tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause I know what I like ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la ♪
[grunting]
[♪♪♪]
♪ I liked what I saw ♪
♪ Got what I need ♪
♪ Callin' your bluff ♪
♪ And now you're with me ♪
♪ You put up a front ♪
♪ Cold as ice ♪
♪ I told myself ♪
♪ Eyes on the prize ♪
♪ You closed the door ♪
♪ But now I am in ♪
♪ Oh, you can tell ♪
♪ Broke through that shell ♪
♪ There is no end ♪
♪ She's turnin' on ♪
♪ She saw the track ♪
[crowd cheers]
[♪♪♪]
♪ This is a Saturday night ♪
[crab muttering]
- [yelling]
- [screaming]
[crab muttering]
[♪♪♪]
- [yelling]
- [all gasps]
- That's the thing I saw before.
- Hmm?
[Hunter] In the hallway.
[crab chittering]
[yelling]
[screaming] Oh, my God!
Shit!
[crab yelling]
[♪♪♪]
Come on, everybody,
head for the door!
- Get back, get back!
- [crowd screams]
[Hunter] Get back, run!
- [crowd scream]
- Get back!
Get back, back!
Maddy, look out.
[crab screaming]
[score buzzer]
- You okay?
- Yeah.
[Maddy gasps]
Whoa!
[crab chewing]
[♪♪♪]
[breathes heavily]
[chuckling]
[crowd scream]
[girl screaming]
[♪♪♪]
Come on, move your asses!
Hunter, look out!
[Annalise grunts]
[crowd screaming]
- Mom.
- Maddy.
Phil, I'm glad you're all right.
Hunter.
[Hunter] Guys, did we do it?
[Maddy]
I can't believe Radu was right.
[Hunter] I think they're dead.
I think we did it.
I think it's all over.
They're all dead.
[Limulus grunting]
[Limulus heavy breathing]
What the fuck is that?
Did it just molt?
[grunting]
Oh, no, no, no,
what the fuck is that thing?
[roaring]
Oh, oh, what the fuck!
- [roaring]
- [crowd scream]
[Philip]
Go, go, go, go, go, run!
[Annalise] Hunter, run!
[crowd screams]
We gotta get out of here!
Go! Go, go! Go, go, go!
[crab grunting]
[crab chewing]
Come on, Phil, go!
It's a bad time for those legs
to stop working Phil.
Maddy, check the doors.
[Philip]
The gears are locking up.
It's locked!
Let's go buddy,
we're almost there.
They're malfunctioning!
[Annalise] Keep checking.
Hunter, they're locking up!
I can't run.
[grunting]
Phil! Let me help.
[Hunter] I got him, I got him, go!
- Guys, I found one!
Damn fuckin' leg!
[Hunter] Phil, what kinda space mumbo
is this?
- [roaring]
- Look out!
- Shit!
- No, shit.
[roaring]
Hunter, just go.
- [roaring]
- [Philip] It's okay.
- Go now!
- Hunter!
Dammit, get out of here!
[roaring]
[Philip] Don't be stupid, run!
Get Phil.
No.
Hunter, no!
[grunting]
- [roaring]
- [Radu yelling]
- [all gasps]
- Huh.
- [grunting]
[breathes heavily]
Thanks for that.
[yells]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
Thanks, Radu.
Where'd you get a sword?
Who no does have ninja sword?
[chuckling]
- Come on, we gotta go.
- Okay.
Come on, let's go.
Maddy, don't forget
the Clustergram.
Two steps ahead of ya.
Maddy, give me that chair
over there.
Got it.
- Here you go.
- Oh, I is—
Thank you.
[Radu] So glad you are not dead
with the others.
[Radu chuckles]
Radu, what the hell is going on?
[Radu] Ears to Radu!
He has been on front lines
fighting war motherfuck
on ocean demons!
What are these things?
My guess, some unknown species
of Limulidae.
What's a Limula— like what?
Look, they're called
"Horseshoe Crabs"
and they've been totally
harmless
for the last 450 million years,
until today apparently.
All right, I'm no expert,
but I've never seen
a six-foot tall crab.
These are more closely related
to spiders or scorpions,
not crabs, so...
Well, I seriously doubt
these things are closely related
to jack or shit anymore.
Can we just move on?
Oh, Radu have attempt to escape,
but bridge to rest of America
is poof. No more.
Ms. Menrath, somethings wrong,
this thing is really hot.
Yes, it keep Radu nice
and toasty.
But arthropods are cold-blooded.
Exactly, and that's just
the exoskeleton.
[Radu] Of course.
Ms. Menrath, do you still
have my Geiger counter?
I was thinking the same thing.
Radu glad we is on same page.
Phil, what's a Geiger counter?
It detects and measures
the amount of radiation.
It's just a hunch,
but it might tell us
why this thing is hot.
[grunting] Oh!
[Hunter] Ah, shit.
I'm not gonna get cancer, am I?
Well, I wouldn't touch it again.
No, no, no, Radu no get cancer!
[spits]
Real talk, Radu now get cancer
to grow. Or transform?
[Philip] These measurements
are off the charts.
What could have caused it
to be so irradiated?
Uh, these things
wouldn't happen to have
an uncle, would they?
Like the size of jumbo jet?
What do you mean, Hunter?
Flannigan and I
found a beached whale yesterday,
and it had a bite taken
out of it that was huge.
Can you show us?
Uh, yes.
Um...
Looks like
we have three different types.
First, you've got
the little bastards
that fucked up prom.
And then, uh,
this one right here
just chased us down the hallway.
And then there's the one
that eats whales.
Somethin' like that.
Oh, the fuck no.
Radu is out!
We need to call the army.
And tell them what?
That we're being attacked
by man-eating crabs?
Oh, and by the way,
there's some giant sea monster
out there as well.
[chuckles] Yes, perfect plan.
[sighing]
No, they is not believing,
are they?
[Annalise]
No, Radu, they is not believing.
So what do we do?
[♪♪♪]
Hold on, Hunter,
bring me the projector.
Thank you.
Okay, uh,
you said these Limulid—
the damn crabs are ancient,
right?
Right.
Okay, let's just assume
that the radiation
has caused them to evolve
for the first time
in millions of years. That—
that they are forced to adapt
to a new environment,
a radiated environment
that would make them, uh—
- Faster.
- Yes.
- Stronger.
- Meaner.
- Blue.
- No.
Ugh.
Wait, so these
perfectly-adapted animals
are now supercharged
and attacking our town.
Yes.
And what can stop something
so jacked up?
Another perfectly-evolved
predator.
Yes.
Supercharged.
- [Limulus roaring in distance]
- Oh, shit.
- Everybody head to the window.
- Come on, Maddy.
- Come on!
- Radu, let's go!
[Limulus roaring]
[♪♪♪]
[crab chittering]
[siren wailing]
[Maddy] Oh, this is not good.
[Philip] Mr. Norbert?
[Maddy]
Being controlled like marionettes.
What the fuck!
[Radu] Oh, there is Dave!
Dave, run!
Oh, he is going to be
the deadest.
[crowd screaming]
[Radu] Ahh, the face!
Oh, that's so gross.
[Maddy]
Get us out of here, Hunter.
[grunting]
[Radu] Oh! Oh, barf!
[Philip]
We can't let this happen.
We have to stop it.
[Radu whimpering]
[Radu] Oh, they see us!
Go back to it, go ba—
oh, yes, better.
[gasping]
Jesus Christ, thank you!
- [Hunter] Pastor Beckett!
- I have to get out of here!
Thank God, Jesus Christ,
and all the saints,
and all the martyrs
that ever lived!
[Annalise]
Pastor Beckett, look out!
- Behind you!
- If I get out of this—
- [roaring]
[Annalise]
Drive, Hunter. Drive.
[indistinct lyrics]
[Radu] And then I pulled
the sword out of a tree stump
and the birdie birds say,
"You are the king!"
[Maddy] Radu, shh,
we're trying to listen.
[Jim the Newsman] Crab monsters
ravishing major cities.
[Jim the Newsman] Reports
are coming in from fishermen
- all along the coast of—
- Stay in the car.
[Jim the Newsman]
Enormous ocean-liner-sized"
- [Maddy] Phil.
- Creatures headed our way.
[Maddy] Does this crazy plan
even stand a chance?
[Jim the Newsman] What do these
giant monsters want?
It'll work
if we build it together.
[Jim the Newsman]
Where are they coming from?
- [Philip] Trust me.
- And can we stop them?
Okay.
- These are the questions—
- [Maddy] I trust you.
[Jim the Newsman]
We're still asking ourselves
here at WFQK News.
Next up,
Carol with the weather.
[Carol]
Uh, thanks Jim.
Come on, come on,
we have a lotto do
and not a lot of time.
[Carol]
It's fucking raining crabs.
Why are we still here?
[♪♪♪]
[Hunter]
Here's your chair, Phil.
[Philip] Thanks.
Where are you going?
I need to go check
on the sheriff.
But Hunter,
I— I need your help.
[♪♪♪]
No.
You don't.
Come on.
He'll be okay.
Let's get inside.
Yeah.
Let's do this.
Radu cannot see.
Where is Radu?
- Phil, this place is amazing.
- [Radu] Radu give thanks.
[Philip] Yeah.
Thanks, Dad.
Okay.
Here's what we gotta do.
[Radu] Oh, fuck.
[♪♪♪]
Pirate ship.
[grunts]
Radu, no!
- [grunts]
- Put that down!
Hell yes!
Bang, bang. [laughing]
You are different.
♪ You can build an air
of consequence ♪
Right here.
♪ A new kind of residence ♪
Uh, Philip.
- Let me show you.
- Here, let's try—
Would you mind
just keeping it there?
♪ In your head ♪
Aren't you supposed
to be a genius?
♪ ...spent ♪
♪ On wishing and waiting ♪
Satan made you.
♪ ...you can't do
under the sun ♪
It's okay, I gotcha.
Whoa, uh-oh, no!
It'll come right off.
Okay, yeah, unlike your legs,
my hands have feeling in them,
so...
I have feelings.
Faucet head!
Speedometer!
It's looking great.
Mm-mm.
- Hmm.
- [chuckling]
Oh.
Success!
Much better.
Radu.
Propeller blade.
Flotation device.
- Knot.
- CB radio!
Over and out.
Saw. And stuff.
[chuckling]
- Amorium Clustergram!
♪ Wish a action thought
is all they spent ♪
♪ On wishing and waiting ♪
♪ But there's nothing
you can't do under the sun ♪
♪ No, there's nothing
♪ Right now ♪
[sirens wailing in distance]
[♪♪♪]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[breathes heavily]
Hey, Flannigan,
you in here, Buddy?
Shit.
[grunts]
Sheriff?
Oh, fuck.
[flies buzzing]
[woman on TV moaning]
[crab grunting]
Fuck you, you little crab!
[breathes heavily]
[crab grunting]
Sheriff?
Flannigan, is that you?
[grunting]
- Oh, no.
- [grunting]
Oh, fuck.
[grunting]
Sorry, buddy.
[sobbing]
I'm sorry, Flannigan.
[yelling]
[♪♪♪]
[roaring]
Let's fuckin' do this.
[Limulus roaring]
[gasps] Oh, oh! Oh!
[laughing]
I sorry, Ms. Menrath.
I— I give this to you as the—
the present, do you know?
Thank you.
- [chuckling]
- Yes.
This for the price of marriage
for your daughter.
Oh, no. No, no, no, no. She—
It is done now.
No, she needs
more than a wrench.
[♪♪♪]
[grunting]
[Queen Crab roaring]
[gasping]
Shitty balls!
What was that?
Big Bad Crab Monster.
- [roaring]
- [screaming]
Radu know his purpose!
Radu save females
and little robot boy from evil.
Radu won't be back,
most likely scenario.
[grunting]
Hey, bottom feeders!
Oh, the fuck no!
[growling]
- [yelling]
- [screeching]
[yelling]
[breathes heavily]
[whimpering]
[Limulus grunting]
[breathes heavily]
[banging on door]
[grunting]
Smarty bitch!
[growling]
[Radu screaming]
[♪♪♪]
It's everywhere.
Come on, we gotta get outside.
Where's Phil?
Just go!
Phil, hit it now!
[roaring]
[♪♪♪]
[grunting]
What the fuck?
Phallus, Phallus!
[Radu laughing]
[♪♪♪]
[roaring]
Hey, Turd-licker.
[chuckles]
You just fucked
with the wrong handi-capable.
[roaring]
[♪♪♪]
[grunting]
Oh, no, he beat you
like uncle beat dog.
[Maddy]
Kick that crab bitch's ass!
Make him your friend
and then backstab him!
- Oh!
- [Annalise] Backstab that bitch!
[Philip grunting]
- Fucking do it, Phalup!
- Come on!
[grunts]
- [roaring]
- Philip!
Fuck!
[Philip grunting]
Come on.
No.
Come on!
[grunting]
[breathes heavily]
[roaring]
Come on, Philip.
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Mom.
[roaring]
Phalup, Phalup,
suck the victory
out his shithole!
All right.
Really?
Fuck!
Okay.
All right, red to yellow.
Uh, which damn wire is it?
I gotta get this right.
I wish Maddy was here,
she'd know this.
[grunts]
Okay, I think this is it.
Got it!
[grunting]
- Come on.
- [grunting]
[roaring]
[Radu and Maddy cheering]
Yes.
Yeah, this is good step!
Yeah, that was awesome!
[grunting]
All right, come on.
Come on!
[roaring]
What?
Where did Phalup get a sword?
Who doesn't have a ninja sword?
[chuckles]
[Queen roaring]
[Philip] She looks pissed.
That's not good.
[scoffs]
So it's like that, huh?
Okay, come on.
[grunting]
Let's play.
[roaring]
[grunting]
[Philip grunting]
Friends!
[roaring]
[Philip] Oh, fuck!
Fuck!
Phallus!
Phallus, do it like this!
[roaring]
[Philip grunting]
Fuck! Fuck.
- [grunting]
- No! No, no, no, no, no, no!
[growling]
Oh!
- Philip!
- Oh, no, no, no.
- Mom.
- Be careful.
[grunting]
[Queen growling]
[roaring]
[sighs]
I got some drawn butter
in the trunk.
And I'm hungry.
Hunter.
Don't mess
with my little brother,
you ugly fuck!
[yelling]
[grunting]
Holy shit!
[laughing]
Mm, mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Oh, yes!
[yelling]
Come on.
- Yes!
- Yes! Yes!
- [Radu] Yes!
- Yes!
- [grunting]
- Come on, punch him, Philip.
- Come on!
- Pun— punch in the taint.
- [chuckles]
- Punch in the taint, Philip!
- Come on!
- Go ahead! In the...
- Yeah!
- Come on, Philip!
[grunting]
You know I'm getting
real tired of this shit.
Today was shaping up
to be the best day of my life.
Then your ugly ass showed up.
You're not gonna take that
away from me.
Not some wheelchair,
not some damn crabs,
and definitely
not you piece of shit!
This is my home and you
can just get the fuck out!
[♪♪♪]
[grunts]
[roars]
[all cheer]
Yes, Philip!
[Philip taking deep breaths]
[Philip grunting]
[roars]
[♪♪♪]
[cheering]
- Come on, come on.
- Yes! Come on.
Let's go, let's go!
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ One, two, three, four,
damn me ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm back
and forth again ♪
♪ Marchin' to my heartbeat ♪
♪ Today is gonna be someday ♪
[laughing]
Holy shit, you did it.
[♪♪♪]
All right, Philibuster,
you're up.
Guys, we've arrived.
Walk us through this.
[Radu] ♪ Hello, watchers
of the crab movie ♪
♪ It is Radu ♪
♪ The handsomest lead character
of the movie film ♪
♪ Producer man offer Radu
40 American dollar ♪
♪ To make song for the credits ♪
♪ Let's to be doing it ♪
♪ When it is to be midnight ♪
♪ And the moon bright as lamp ♪
♪ You hear scary monster noise ♪
♪ Like the grandma,
but more damp ♪
♪ It could not be big werewolf ♪
♪ It could not be a big cat ♪
♪ Big, big claws
instead of the paws ♪
♪ You better run
and never to be looking back ♪
♪ It's Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ From deep, deep down below ♪
♪ It's Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Are they nice ♪
[Radu chuckles] ♪ No ♪
♪ Better get big sword
and swing it fast ♪
♪ Then Phalup gonna give it
a laser blast ♪
♪ It's Crabs, it's Crabs ♪
♪ It's Crabs ♪
♪ They lookin' kinda cute
when they little ♪
♪ But they are gonna
have big change ♪
♪ If they do the jump on you ♪
♪ Your face gonna rearrange ♪
♪ They grow as big
as the grizzly ♪
♪ And they look like
ocean mole ♪
♪ If you don't stomp them
super quick ♪
♪ They gonna kill you
and your dirty shithole ♪
♪ It's Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ From deep, deep down below ♪
♪ It's Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Are they nice ♪
[Radu chuckles]
♪ No, not, not really ♪
♪ Better shoot them
right dead in the face ♪
♪ Spray the blue blood
all over the place ♪
♪ It's Crabs, it's Crabs ♪
♪ It's Crabs ♪
♪ Guitar solo ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ It's Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ From deep under the sea ♪
♪ You know, it's Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Crabs, Crabs ♪
♪ Growing to the size
of a fuck damn tree ♪
♪ Better shoot them
right dead in the face ♪
♪ Spray the blue blood
all over the place ♪
♪ It's Crabs, it's Crabs ♪
♪ It's Crabs. ♪
♪ Crabs! ♪
[Radu] [chuckles]
Wow, Radu is so talent!
All of the ladies
is to be loving him now.
Uh, maybe not.